•	What makes a work a piece E-Literature?
E-lit refers to any form of electronic literature, essentially literature that relies on electronic elements to aid in the telling and reception of the story. While many different forms of literature can be distributed or accessed through technological means, E-lit requires it exclusively and cannot be transferred to analogue measures. In this class I expect to have a deeper understanding of how technology and coding can add elements to a piece of writing and how it can deepen the receptiveness from the reader. My computer skills are very basic and I hope to gain a further understanding of the language that makes up coding so that I’ll have the ability to continue to intertwine digital elements into my work in the future when I feel necessary.
Q: Do you agree with Beren’s argument that Instagram poetry is “indivisible from the surveillance capitalism infrastructure of social media” Also: What does the term ‘non-trivial effort’ mean when it comes to E-Lit?
Growing up alongside social media has given me what I believe to be a pretty good understanding of how it has and likely will continue to grow and weave itself into pre-existing areas and institutions, such as poetry. I do agree with the author, social media such as Instagram is not a natural thing, while it revolves around and operates for humans, we essentially become passive in the usage of it. Social media is a capitalistic industry, users minds are manipulated by the algorithm and the things these companies decide to popularise on their platforms. It is in that way that I agree with Beren’s argument that Instagram poetry is heavily intertwined with the capitalism of the company as Instagram poetry has come to embody short, often simple yet flowery poems, all written in small text with a similar traditional font and a contrasting background image. The work takes a particular form to fit the criteria that deems it readable on that particular website. This however does not negate the fact that the writing is still undeniably poetry. Theres a sense of superiority that many writers seem to have when it comes to social media, however these are the vessels of our culture, and cannot be ignored as said culture continues to develop. Yes, Instagram poetry is deeply influenced by Instagram itself and the expectation and structure that it thrusts upon the writer, essentially becoming a co author of the piece, however, these are still the works of artists who have expressed themselves through their poetry. While it can be debated whether these works are considered E-lit, it can’t be doubted that despite the capitalist influence, they are still pieces of literature. 
In terms of AI and ethics, consider where your own boundaries are in terms of what is unacceptable or acceptable use of AI. What do you see as potential ethical use-cases of AI (e.g., for research, for furthering open-source knowledge, for testing new areas of learning)? What are your hopes for the future of AI? 
It's a very new phenomenon to be in a creative class that not only doesn't bastardise AI, but actively encourages it. I'm not sure quite how to sit with it. I understand that AI is both a remarkable and respectable technological feat, I understand that it has the potential to greatly improve our world, however on a creative frontier it has always made me uncomfortable. Perhaps expanding that to even on an emotional frontier it makes me uncomfortable. People go to the arts as a way to stimulate their emotions, I suppose it's always been a comforting thought to know that the artists behind this stimulation are also humans with an emotional scape of their own. Drawing vulnerability out of a human being has always been a very human being thing to do. I suppose now it feels deceptive that AI is able to or at least trying to do that. It feels like it's trying to replicate something that can only be created through the experience of human life, something it only knows about through data.
Q: Can you analyse the architecture (layers, structures, interactions) of the hypertext piece you read above in these terms?
Untitled Document by Teagan Webb is an interactive story following two childhood friends Jen and Sophie as they look though an op shop and reflect on their memories and relationship with both themselves and each other. The with each development and available hyperlink, new sentences are added to the middle of the existing story, interrupting and adding context to the previously existing sentence. The hyperlinks direct the reader to three different documents outside of the story, each providing context and more depth for the characters in the original story. Upon returning to said original op shop story following the diversion to each ‘untitled document’, the new information provided is added trough the story as the reader is urged to click on the words that are bolded and in a different colour, which once pressed reveal the new context and then the links become unclickable and the colour becomes the same as the existing text. In terms of coding, the colour change and hyperlinks following each return to the original story are timed with purpose so that each new sentence is revealed based off what the reader has previously discovered about the characters.
